
     Improving Primary Decomposition in Macaulay2
          F. Hinkelmann, F. Moore, M. Stillman

This project is an attempt to improve the computation in M2 of:
  a. minimalPrimes (decompose)
  b. primaryDecomposition
and associated computations, such as:
  c. radical
  d. associatedPrimes
We would also like to implement absolute primary decomposition and absolute minimal primes

As a subproject, we need to clean up the computation of ideal quotients in M2.
  (and, computation of GB's).

Files of interest:

    PD.m2  -- this is the file we are creating
    PD/    -- doesn't exisst yet, but should include doc and implementation files for the PD.m2 package

    PrimDecomposition.m2 -- has code in it that is not yet in PD.m2 (I think)
       -- Also: has explanation of some of singular algorithms, in M2 pseudo-code form.

    FactorizingGB.m2 -- file that Franzi+Mike were writing
      -- Note: this is BADLY named: it is NOT a factorizing GB algorithm
      -- Still, it is quite fast for the siphon examples.

    quickGB.m2 -- Question: is this the current best version of this code?
      -- it is also poorly named

    newGTZ.m2 -- code that Frank and Franzi wrote at IMA (and by Frank (et al) before that)
      -- BUG or poblem: need ExampleIdeals.m2 in the path in order to load this package.
    newGTZ/newGTZGenPos.m2

Files that need to be cleaned up, or categorized, or understood by me!
    eg-decomp.m2 -- this is an example of what?
    prime-argument.txt
    sing.m2 -- what is this??
    siphon-example.m2 -- move to example directory?
    siphon-example.sing -- same?
    siphons.m2 -- Franzi, is this current code?  How should we be using it?
    newGTZ/tests.m2 -- tests and example: need to be cleaned up
    newGTZ/stewart-eg.m2
    slower-tests.m2

Other files of interest, that we should probably move here:
    modularGCD.m2 and related files -- this is in M2-dev/mike, but the packages need some work (i.e. testing for bugs, doc, etc)

Location of good examples:
  newGTZ/stewart-eg.m2
  siphons above
  include: string theory examples
  include: examples from atlanta 2012
  include: example Allen K.  about Grassmannians matroid.
  include: singular examples
  include: Bayesian ideals

